[PROF-7409] Document Ruby profiler incompatibility with rugged gem (#17552)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/profiler/profiler_troubleshooting.md

Sending `SIGPROF` is a common profiling approach, and may cause system calls from native extensions/libraries to be interrupted with a system [`EINTR` error code][8].
Rarely, native extensions or libraries called by them may have missing or incorrect error handling for the `EINTR` error code.

> There are a few known instances of this issue. For these gems, the auto-detects the incompatibility and automatically applies the workaround documented below:
> * Using the `mysql2` gem together with versions of libmysqlclient [older than 8.0.0][9]. The affected libmysqlclient version is known to be present on Ubuntu 18.04, but not 20.04 and later releases.
> * [Using the `rugged` gem.][10]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following incompatibilities are known:
* Using the `mysql2` gem together with versions of `libmysqlclient` [older than 8.0.0][9]. The affected `libmysqlclient` version is known to be present on Ubuntu 18.04, but not 20.04 or later releases.
* [Using the `rugged` gem.][10]

In these cases, the profiler automatically detects the incompatibility and applies a workaround.
```
